Feature/general file updates (#5)
UBC-MDS/strapR: README.Rmd

# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("UBC-MDS/strapR")
```

## Example

This is a basic example which shows you how to solve a common problem:

```{r example}
# library("strapR")
# density_ci_plot([1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 10]， level=0.95）
```

## Function Usage

-   bootstrap_distribution: A sampling distribution of \`rep\` replicates is generated for a specified estimator with replacement for a given bootstrap sample size.

-   calculate_boot_stats: A confidence interval for a given sampling distribution is calculated for a given confidence level.

> -   density_ci_plot: Generates a plot showing a density curve of a given sampling distribution along with its confidence interval ci for a given alpha.

Reviewer: Change the name to histogram_ci_plot
```suggestion
-   histogram_ci_plot: Generates a plot showing a density curve of a given sampling distribution along with its confidence interval ci for a given alpha.
```

> -   density_ci_plot: Generates a plot showing a density curve of a given sampling distribution along with its confidence interval ci for a given alpha.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   histogram_ci_plot: Plots a bootstrapped sampling distribution with its 
    confidence interval and observed mean.
```

> -   ci_table: Generates a table that contains a given sampling distribution's mean and standard deviation along with relevant statistics like its confidence interval for a given confidence level.

Reviewer: Change the name of ci_table to summary_tables
```suggestion
-   summary_tables: Generates a table that contains a given sampling distribution's mean and standard deviation along with relevant statistics like its confidence interval for a given confidence level.
```
